DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We might just have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
KYOSUKE: Marucho.
MARUCHO: Hey, Dad!
This is a surprise. Is everything okay?
KYOSUKE: I want you to quit the Battle Brawlers.
MARUCHO: What?
TRISTAR: Are you serious?
KYOSUKE: I think it's time that you started looking
at the big picture.
MARUCHO: What are you talking about?
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Back In Sync
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: He's still got some fight in him, Dan.
DAN: I know.
Don't worry, he's gotta break sooner or later!
DRAGO: Ooomph! [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax]
[mighty roar]
DAN: [gasp] That was heavy.
Are you okay, buddy?
DRAGO: I'm okay.
DAN: I think we're getting closer to having control
over him, but still it feels like something's
standing in our way.
DRAGO: It's us.
We're standing in our own way.
We're out of synch.
DAN: What are you talking about?
You and me are like two peas in a pod, buddy.
DRAGO: [sigh]
DAN: Come on. Pitter patter, dude!
Let's get back to it, okay?
DRAGO: You bet.
PAIGE: I can't believe it!
Princess Fabia sent us here to learn from the Brawlers.
Based on everything I've seen their skills are pathetic.
RAFE: I don't know what happened, out there.
I never expected to see Shun so worn out.
I'm surprised. Those definitely weren't the
Battle Brawlers that I remember.
PAIGE: Hmmm?
RAFE: From the first moment I saw those guys,
they were, my heroes. The way they just swooped
into Neathia to help us fight.
It was the coolest thing I had ever seen and I wanted
to be just like them.
I don't know what, but something happened to them.
RAFE: I know we were sent here to be their students
but they're obviously in deep trouble.
RAFE: They need our help.
PAIGE: I still don't know what you see in those guys
but even if I agreed with you that they needed
our help, Shun made it clear he wasn't interested.
TAYLEAN: Since Dan left us, you've been doing
an incredible job as the new leader
but I can't help but wonder if, Maybe those kids had a point.
Perhaps we shouldn't be so proud and accept their help.
SHUN: No thanks.
You and I are doing just fine on our own.
TAYLEAN: No offense, Shun.
But I seem to remember Dan saying the same thing
when we offered him our help.
SHUN: [frustrated grunt]
KYOSUKE: I hear that Dan and Drago have left
the Battle Brawlers and that things have been
falling apart around you ever since.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
KYOSUKE: I also understand that Bakugan Interspace
has been dissolving into a chaotic and lawless land.
MARUCHO: I wish I could tell you that it wasn't true, Dad.
KYOSUKE: Perhaps it's time that you put
your career as a battler to rest and focus
on the problems from a different vantage point.
MARUCHO: Huh?
KYOSUKE: Come work with my team of executives
and together we can try and fix Interspace.
MARUCHO: And just leave battling completely?!
KYOSUKE: Just promise me that you'll think about it. Okay?
MARUCHO: Uuuuuhhh?
MARUCHO: I have so many good memories of my time
as a Battle Brawler. Even though we had our share
of hard times, it wasn't anything
we couldn't get through when we worked together.
We knew that as a team we were invincible.
MARUCHO: But those days are gone now and I feel so alone.
MARUCHO: Maybe my father is actually right.
TRISTAR: Did you say something?
MARUCHO: Huh? Oh I was just thinking out loud.
Maybe my Dad had a point about me giving up
battling, you know?
TRISTAR: What?
MARUCHO: I'm not a little kid anymore.
Since I'm the one who built Interspace,
I have a responsibility to make sure it gets fixed.
It will be a bit of an adjustment
but I'll get used to my new life in no time.
TRISTAR: I hear you saying the words Marucho,
but I don't know if I believe them.
MARUCHO: [gasp]
SELLON: Seeing this flower wilt,
makes me think of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
SELLON: Just like the petals, one by one
they are each falling away. Soon, there will be nothing
left but a memory of what once was.
SELLON: And, from their demise Anubias,
Master Mag Mel will be re-born.
SELLON: Do you think anyone will mourn
the loss of the Brawlers?
ANUBIAS: Who cares?
,ANUBIAS: All I know for sure is
I'll be the one who takes down Kuso once and for all.
DAN: Give it, Drago!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Hold tight! You've got this!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax] Whoaaa!
DAN: You okay, buddy?
DRAGO: I'm fine but I'm telling you, we're out of synch.
Otherwise scaling that would've been no problem.
DAN: You think so?
WYVERN: Drago's right, Dan.
DRAGO: Wyvern! Is that you?
WYVERN: Oh good. You can hear me.
DRAGO: Yes, but we can't see you.
WYVERN: Hearing my words is what's most important.
The power of the perfect core has allowed me to
communicate with you.
WYVERN: You need to reconnect
with those who are closest to you.
DRAGO: Well Dan's right here.
WYVERN: I'm not talking about just physical proximity.
WYVERN: The Brawlers shared a bond like no other,
but right now it's fractured and you need to repair it.
DRAGO: [gasp] DAN: [gasp]
WYVERN: You may be far apart, but you mustn't forget
that you are forever linked in your hearts.
Which is why you must come together now.
WYVERN: Because as a team you can overcome
any obstacle that stands in your way.
DRAGO: [gasp] Thank you, Wyvern.
MARUCHO: Oh man, the amount of background information
I'm gonna have to study is massive.
TRISTAR: Watchu doin'?
MARUCHO: I'm trying to read up on the current
data architecture of Bakugan Interspace.
TRISTAR: Why would you do that?
MARUCHO: I'm out of touch.
If I'm going to solve the issue I should have
a clear understanding of how things operate
so I need to brush up Tristar.
TRISTAR: You're serious about quitting battling then?
MARUCHO: That's right.
Being a Battle Brawler was my old life.
Now I'm focused on working from
inside the Marukura Company.
Just like my father and I discussed.
TRISTAR: This is craziness.
MARUCHO: What's crazy about it?
Oh good, it's ready. Let's see.
Well this is very interesting to say the least.
In the last two years the corporation has
developed a new software that uses Artificial Intelligence
to trouble shoot and identify the source of inefficiencies
within the company. Oh wow!
They used it to figure out the problems we were having
with one of our soft drink companies.
Oh, it looks like...
...that brand wasn't profitable so the software
recommended it be discontinued. Cool!
Last year the software was also used to reformulate
the fragrances produced by our perfume company
and then...Hmmm?
Uh oh. Wait a sec it says the perfume was
turned into bug spray.
With my luck this software will suggest we fix Interspace
by dismantling it... [gasp]
TRISTAR: Are you sure you're ready to leave
the Battle Brawlers Marucho?
Maybe you should have a serious re-think
about this change in tactics.
MARUCHO: But there's nothing left to turn my back on.
The Battle Brawlers have all scattered to the wind.
Sure I've got some wonderful memories
of our times together but it's not enough.
MARUCHO: Maybe what's best for Bakugan Interspace
is that I use my brains for a change
instead of my battling skills.
TRISTAR: Stop fooling yourself!
MARUCHO: Whuuuh!
TRISTAR: There's no way you can just give up on brawling.
Think of the bond you have with Dan and Shun!
You can't break that!
MARUCHO: It's time to move on.
TRISTAR: That's not the Marucho I know.
Battling is in his blood.
Not only that, but he'd never give up
on his friends and just bail!
MARUCHO: Listen Tristar, you may think you know
everything about me, but you haven't even got a clue.
TRISTAR: Yeah, well that's where you're wrong buddy.
I know we've only been partners for a short while
but I had my eye on you long before we met.
I bet I know you better than you know yourself.
MARUCHO: What?
TRISTAR: I may be hot headed in battle,
but when it comes to picking my battling partner
I never make a rash decision.
TRISTAR: The whole reason I wound up in Bakugan Interspace
was because I was on a journey to find myself
and my one true partner.
TRISTAR: There were tonnes of willing battlers
but none of them seemed quite right to me.
I didn't feel any kind of connection.
TRISTAR: So I continued my search constantly keeping
my eyes and ears open, hoping that I would
receive some kind of sign that would show me
who I was meant to end up with.
TRISTAR: I made a promise to myself
that I wouldn't settle for anyone
who I didn't feel a connection with,
even if that meant my search would last for years.
I didn't care. I knew it's what I had to do.
TRISTAR: And then one day, it finally happened.
TRISTAR: The second I saw you on that monitor
I knew you were the one.
TRISTAR: I could tell by the gleam in your eyes
that we shared the same passion for battling.
TRISTAR: And that's how I knew
you and I were meant to be partners.
MARUCHO: Ooohhh!
TRISTAR: Sure it took me a long time to find you
and join forces but I think our record speaks for itself.
MARUCHO: Yeah, I guess so.
TRISTAR: If I ever needed you to trust me Marucho, it's now.
I'm telling you that leaving the Brawlers
and battling behind will be a mistake
that you'll regret for the rest of your life!
MARUCHO: Huh. Maybe you're right.
TRISTAR: Maybe? Of course I'm right!
You, Dan and Shun are the originals of Bakugan Brawling.
If you didn't love it as much as you do
you wouldn't have created Bakugan Interspace.
MARUCHO: You're right there's nothing I love more
than battling, except of course my friends and teammates.
I'd be totally and completely miserable
without those things in my life.
Thank you for opening my eyes to the truth
I'd been avoiding, Tristar.
TRISTAR: So then, you'll stay?
MARUCHO: Mmmm-hmmm.
MARUCHO: It's time to clean up Bakugan Interspace, Tristar!
DRAGO: You can't fight me forever Zenthon!
I will control you!
MARUCHO: Reckless Brawlers like you need to be stopped!
JACK: Oh yeah?! You think you're tough enough?!
MARUCHO: That's right.
Because unlike you, I've got the perfect partner.
TRISTAR: You're goin' down!
MARUCHO: I need to win this to show my Dad.
KYOSUKE: So Marucho, have you made a decision yet?
MARUCHO: Yes sir. Father, You always taught me
that it was important to finish what I started.
KYOSUKE: Right.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Battle Brawling is truly my life, Dad.
MARUCHO: I can't just leave it when it's in such bad shape.
That would mean I would be giving up, but even worse
it would mean I would be abandoning my friends.
MARUCHO: Gate Card, set! Huh.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan stand!
MARUCHO: Let's go, Aquos Tristar!
TRISTAR: Oh yeah! Let's make 'em hurt!
JACK: Bakugan Brawl!
JACK: Bakugan Stand!
JACK: Rise Aquos Krakenoid!
JACK: Let's smash these clowns!
JACK: Ability activate!
JACK: Gilly Motion!
TRISTAR: Hmmm?
Whoa!
MARUCHO: So you think you can confuse us, huh?
Bring it, Jack!
JACK: [angry reax] Ability activate!
JACK: Fish Lock!
MARUCHO: Tristar. He's going for a surprise attack!
TRISTAR: Don't worry. I'm ready, pal!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Shield Cyclone.
TRISTAR: Oooooooooh yeeeeeeeeeeeah!
MARUCHO: Dan might have the power,
and Shun might have great skills,
but my brain is like an encyclopedia
filled with strategies of all my opponents.
And that fact is what's going to win this battle for me.
Got it?
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Aquos Mine!
[roar]
JACK: [angry grunt] Submerge, Krakenoid!
MARUCHO: I totally knew you'd do that!
Gate Card, open!
MARUCHO: Dry Delta!
MARUCHO: The Command Card Dry Delta creates
an environment that saps the powers
of any Aquos Bakugan.
So good luck using your surprise attack strategy now.
JACK: [angry grunt] But Tristar's an Aquos Bakugan.
Aren't you sabotaging yourself too?
TRISTAR: Not a chance!
JACK: [gasp]
TRISTAR: [grunt, exertion reax]
MARUCHO: Tristar's safe because he's protected
by the Shield Cyclone Ability.
TRISTAR: Unlike your puny brain, Marucho's is always thinking
three steps ahead, punk!
MARUCHO: Let's finish this now, Tristar!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Cyclone!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaaah!
JACK: I'm not finished, yet.
Gate Card, set.
JACK: Bakugan Brawl!
JACK: Bakugan Stand!
JACK: Here we go again, Krakenoid.
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
TRISTAR: Say cheese!
Hmmmph!
JACK: Your silly little strategies
are no match for my power.
Say good-bye!
JACK: BakuNano, Jamsaber.
JACK: Destroy!
MARUCHO: A BakuNano?
JACK: This is gonna be fun!
TRISTAR: Whoa! What the heck are...
Oooomph!
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
MARUCHO: Tristar no!
JACK: [evil chuckle] Good luck trying to strategize
your way around that little piece of awesome!
MARUCHO: [angry grunt] Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Fear Stream!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaah!
JACK: Ability activate.
JACK: Pavlotoxin!
TRISTAR: Aaaaarrrrrrgggggghhhhh!
MARUCHO: Oh no!
JACK: I told you my power was going to be too much for you!
Save yourself the embarrassment and quit now!
MARUCHO: [angry grunt] Not a chance, Jack!
JACK: [laughter] Suit yourself.
Gate Card, open!
JACK: Forcement Wind.
MARUCHO: Oh man!
JACK: The Command Card Forcement Wind multiplies
your power by the number of Bakugan on the field
who share the same attribute.
JACK: That means we just doubled our power.
Two times Aquos, equals epic fail for you.
MARUCHO: How the heck are we gonna come back from that?
TRISTAR: Figure it out!
TRISTAR: You can't just give up so easily, Marucho!
Didn't you tell your Dad you needed to finish
what you started, huh?
MARUCHO: [gasp]
TRISTAR: No one can out-fox you, dude.
We both know you're the king of strategy so dig deep
and find us a way out, okay?
MARUCHO: Okay pal. [determined grunt]
MARUCHO: I can turn this around!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Climb Water!
TRISTAR: That's what I'm talking about, buddy.
Yeaaaaaaah!
[mighty roar]
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
JACK: [gasp] Huh? What's going on?
MARUCHO: Climb Water allows my Bakugan to merge itself
with my opponent's Bakugan and then boost itself
to the same power level.
MARUCHO: It also creates a boomerang effect where all
the attacks that Krakenoid launches at us are spun around
and bounced right back at him!
JACK: Yeah, but Tristar's getting hit too!
What kind of strategy is that? You guys are nuts!
TRISTAR: Hah! It's a game of endurance, son!
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
JACK: [gasp] It's on auto forming.
That means I can't stop it!
MARUCHO: I'm with you all the way.
We're gonna stick together and win this thing!
We're a team Tristar!
JACK: You're relying on Tristar's strength.
Where's the strategy in that?
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
MARUCHO: It's actually a very simple strategy
we're using, Jack.
It's all about putting everything that you have
and your trust into your partner.
TRISTAR: [grunt, pain reax]
TRISTAR: I won't let you down, Marucho!
JACK: [gasp] I'm gonna have to get radical
to shake these turkeys loose.
Ability activate!
JACK: Wise Rush!
TRISTAR: [grunt, exertion reax] Whooooaaa!
MARUCHO: Now! Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Let's go Tristar.
Brow Freeze!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaah!
MARUCHO: Now you're blocked from activating any more abilities!
That goes for your BakuNano too!
JACK: [gasp] No way!
MARUCHO: Thanks for not letting me give up on things, Tristar!
MARUCHO: And for reminding me that teammates
always need to stay connected to one another!
MARUCHO: No matter how far apart they may be.
TRISTAR: You said it pal.
MARUCHO: Alright, here we go!
MARUCHO: Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Hyper Stream!
TRISTAR: Lights out!
CROWD OF SPECTATORS: [wild cheering]
ANNOUNCER: The small but mighty Marucho takes the win!
KATO: I... I have never been so proud.
Our Marucho has grown into a fine battler.
KYOSUKE: He most certainly has, Kato.
RAFE: You see that, Paige? That's exactly the kind of
battling I was talking about back there.
PAIGE: It was okay.
TAYLEAN: Shouldn't we go and congratulate them
on their win?
SHUN: We've got our own battles to worry about.
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Let's go, Drago!
DAN: We can do it this time. I can feel it!
DRAGO: Yes. Me too! [grunt exertion reax]
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: What'd I tell ya, pal?
DRAGO: I never doubted you.
DRAGO: For the longest time, I confused
having the same goal with being in synch.
Dan and I may have wanted the same thing,
but we were on different paths.
And over time this created
a great divide between us. But thanks to Wyvern's
words of wisdom, we've been reminded
that success can only come when we work together in synch.
DRAGO: It's certainly an important lesson
that I hope we never have to learn again.
DRAGO: [gasp]
WYVERN: Of all the battling partners I've ever laid eyes on
I knew that if you two could find your rhythm
you'd be unstoppable.
DRAGO: Wyvern.
WYVERN: Now you must work together to decipher the truth
behind your nightmarish visions.
DAN: She knows about the visions we have?
DRAGO: We should listen to her, Dan.
If it weren't for Wyvern,
we would have never made it this far.
DAN: That's true.
WYVERN: Have faith in each other and you will succeed.
MARUCHO: As hard as I've been trying to stop them,
the crazy, chaotic battles keep raging on
in Bakugan Interspace. And right in the centre of it all
is Shun. It's like he's some kind of lone wolf
who's spun out of control. If someone doesn't step in soon,
to help, who knows what could happen.
Flying solo only works for so long.
It's time that the Brawlers come back together
and clean up Interspace as a team!
You should tune in to see what I'm talking about.
I have to convince the others to rejoin the team.
I hope it's not too late to save Bakugan Interspace!
\u266a [MUSIC]